# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 26ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 28ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 28ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 19ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 25ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 39ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 26ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 32ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 38ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 29ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 33ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 25ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 40ms

