# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 41ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 27ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 39ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 37ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 39ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 38ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-project-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 18ms
    [gap of 46ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 64ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 71ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 43ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 53ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 48ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 49ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 40ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 55ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 67ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 33ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 40ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 37ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 44ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 38ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 39ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 37ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 50ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 38ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 44ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 19ms
    [gap of 33ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 92ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    [gap of 30ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 52ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    [gap of 35ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 44ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 52ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 43ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 38ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 31ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 50ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 49ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 48ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 38ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 66ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 78ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 62ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 48ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 39ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 44ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 41ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 38ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 27ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 26ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 39ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 33ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 39ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 46ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 41ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 43ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 29ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

